GA4 send_to parameter update (#1172)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/google-analytics-4/google-analytics-4-cloud-mode.mdx

To read more about sessions in Google Analytics 4, refer to this <a href="https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9191807?hl=en#zippy=">Google Analytics 4 Help article</a>.
</div>

> RudderStack maps the following sessions properties for the `identify` and `group` call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack maps the following session properties for the `identify` and `group` call:
```

| RudderStack properties | Google Analytics 4 property |
| :------------------------| :-------------|
| `traits.sessionId`<br />`context.traits.sessionId`<br />`traits.session_id`<br />`context.traits.session_id` <br />`context.sessionId` | `session_id` |

> RudderStack maps the following sessions properties for the `track` and `page` call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack maps the following session properties for the `track` and `page` calls:
```
